[Autogenerated] Okay, We're back in the console looking at the pipeline,
and it won't update the view when you're just staring at it like this.
So let's go back to pipelines and then go back into
this pipeline and we scroll down.
Now we can see the are is au 80 stage that has a plan and apply.
And there's a production stage that has a plan.
Then Emmanuel approval and then lastly,
and apply in order to kick this whole thing off.
We could push a new commit to the source control.
Or we could simply click on release change and click release.
And now it will run the pipeline,
even though there hasn't been an update from source,
which means nothing from the development stage should change.
But we should see it successfully run you a t the plan
stage for production and then halt and wait for us to
manually approve the apply stage.
So let's scroll down to you 80.
And this is gonna take a little while to run so through the
magic of editing won't fade into when you 80 is running and
follow that process along a little bit.
All right, we have made it through the development stage,
and now it is running the plan for Are you a T stage?
Let's go ahead and click on details here,
and this will actually take us to a log of what's going on with this process.
And as we can see we can actually follow along as it's
running through all of the various stages,
let's see what it's up to now.
Well,
it successfully ran our initialization process and initializer some modules,
and then it echoed out RTF action.
It echoed out plan, and then it started running terra form actions.
It created a new U 80 workspace and we scroll down.
Looks like this one completed successfully.
So we can scroll back up and we'll go back to the pipeline itself and scroll
down here and we can see that plan portion was successful.
So now it's in the apply section.
We can.
Go ahead and click on details here and actually see what's
going on with the apply billed as well.
It looks like it has gotten through many of the stages here.
Let's see just how far it's gotten to.
It is currently running terra form actions,
and now it is downloading the vpc dot t F plan from our S3
bucket that all is going very smoothly.
And there we go.
It has successfully completed.
If we go to our VP CS and refresh our view here we
now see there's a U A T v p c.
That was just provisioned.
Now we can,
go back to CodeBuild and go back one and scroll down to our production stage.
Now,
our production stage is in the plan action so we can wait for that to
complete and it will go to the approval action.
And once we review and approve, then it can move to the apply action.
Now,
how would we check to see if we want to approve this we can open up the S3
bucket where that t F underscore output file is being written.
So let's go ahead and drop-down on services and will open up S3
in a new window and I'll go into S3 here,
and the bucket that I'm interested in is build logs.
If we go into VPC dash deployed dash pipeline.
This is where it stores all of the artifacts that are generated from
the various stages and actions within our pipeline.
Now we're not gonna see anything from production here yet because the
production action for planning hasn't completed yet.
If we go back, oh, it looks like it just succeeded.
Well, that's pretty convenient.
So now we could go to S3.
And if we refresh our view here,
there's the production folder we can Go into there.
And if we click on this and download it,
it's a ZIP file that has RTF underscore output information in their we can.
Go ahead and open up that text file,
and you can see this is the plan that was generated by Terra form.
Now, rather than sending this to an S3 bucket, that's kind of difficulty.
You could also set up a process where the output is emailed to someone
or dropped in a slack channel or something like that to know that it's
gotten to the point where it needs to be reviewed and approved before
it can move to the next stage.
Let's go ahead and close that out and we'll go back to our code pipeline.
It's waiting for our approval we can click on review and say,
approved Absolutely Azure.
Now that we've approved that action,
it can move to the final action which is applying that
configuration to the production.
VPC Now it's gonna take a few months.
So again, through the magic of editing,
will speed that up to where the apply finishes
successfully and it looks like this build failed.
Let's click on details and see what went wrong.
Link to execution details.
All right, so build status has failed.
Something went wrong here.
We can scroll down and see where it kicked out in are Oh,
there's some red there looks like are while executing cmdlet we
scroll a little bit who unable to find matching route.
So my guess is that AWS is just being wonky and had some issues
while those provisioning the VPC resources.
That's not a big deal because, fortunately, this is all automated we can.
Go back to our pipeline and simply click on release.
Change again and click on release and let the process run through again.
Now, obviously, we're not going to sit through all that.
But it's important to note that when you have an error,
you would probably want to notify somebody triage why that are happened.
And then we can release the entire pipeline again.
Or we could have alternatively,
just released a particular portion of this by
clicking on retry under production.
So we have a couple different options here now.
This is probably going to deploy successfully the second time,
but I think it's important to see when things fail.
That's okay.
We have an automated way to triage and get things back on track.
So we have succeeded in our goal of creating these additional stages.
Everyone at Globomantics is pretty excited about this process.
And when we want to update something about any of the VPC s,
we can make that update in code and have it automatically push
to the lower environments and then pause on the production
before it goes through successfully. Now let's wrap up for this module.